chore: emphasize disabling FDA for Terminal after scanning (#26)
NextronSystems/thor-manual: usage/beforeyoubegin.rst

   Full Disk Access View

.. note::

>    After your scan has finished, you should definitely disable FDA for Terminal and reenable only when scanning again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Once your scan is complete, it's strongly recommended to disable Full Disk Access for Terminal and only re-enable it when performing another scan.
```
